README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="http://kisscecilia.com/public/img/logo_cecilia_css.png" alt="Cecilia CSS" /></p>

# Welcome to Cecilia CSS
**Cecilia CSS is a framework based on [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) and [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/): the best of both worlds.**

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/cecilia-css.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/cecilia-css)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css.svg)](https://david-dm.org/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)

CSS Framework applying "Keep It Simple Stupid" principle

See [kisscecilia.com](http://kisscecilia.com/)

Get CSS code [here](dist/cecilia.css)

Current version: **0.3.0**

* A responsive grid with 5 breakpoints
* Built with [flexbox](https://caniuse.com/#feat=flexbox)
* There is no JavaScript included
* No external dependencies

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Browser Support](#browser-support)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Questions](#questions)
1. [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Use from the CDN
```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/cecilia-css@0.3.0/dist/cecilia.min.css">
```

### Install with npm
```
npm i cecilia-css
```

### Install with Yarn
```
yarn add cecilia-css
```

## Browser Support
Chrome | Edge | Firefox | IE | Safari | Chrome for Android | iOS Safari
:----: | :--: | :-----: | :-: | :---: | :----------------: | :-------:
  49+  |  17+ |   59+   | 11 |  11.1+ |         66+        |   10.3+

## Contributing
Want to contribute? Just make a pull request. All contributions are welcome.

## Questions
If you have questions tweet me at [@SandroMiguel77](https://twitter.com/SandroMiguel77) or [open an issue](https://github.com/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css/issues/new).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

**~ sharing is caring ~**

Commit message:

[UPDATE] Clone and download options

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="http://kisscecilia.com/public/img/logo_cecilia_css.png" alt="Cecilia CSS" /></p>

# Welcome to Cecilia CSS
**Cecilia CSS is a framework based on [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) and [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/): the best of both worlds.**

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/cecilia-css.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/cecilia-css)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css.svg)](https://david-dm.org/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)

CSS Framework applying "Keep It Simple Stupid" principle

See [kisscecilia.com](http://kisscecilia.com/)

Get CSS code [here](dist/cecilia.css)

Current version: **0.3.0**

* A responsive grid with 5 breakpoints
* Built with [flexbox](https://caniuse.com/#feat=flexbox)
* There is no JavaScript included
* No external dependencies

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Browser Support](#browser-support)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Questions](#questions)
1. [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Use from the CDN
```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/cecilia-css@0.3.0/dist/cecilia.min.css">
```

### Install with npm
```
npm i cecilia-css
```

### Install with Yarn
```
yarn add cecilia-css
```

### Clone the repo
```
git clone https://github.com/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css.git
```

### Download
Download the [latest release](https://github.com/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css/releases/latest)

## Browser Support
Chrome | Edge | Firefox | IE | Safari | Chrome for Android | iOS Safari
:----: | :--: | :-----: | :-: | :---: | :----------------: | :-------:
  49+  |  17+ |   59+   | 11 |  11.1+ |         66+        |   10.3+

## Contributing
Want to contribute? Just make a pull request. All contributions are welcome.

## Questions
If you have questions tweet me at [@SandroMiguel77](https://twitter.com/SandroMiguel77) or [open an issue](https://github.com/SandroMiguel/cecilia-css/issues/new).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

**~ sharing is caring ~**
